Final doc update (#2011)
GMLC-TDC/HELICS: README.md

<img src="docs/logos/helics-logo-long-primary-black.svg" width="700">
</p>

> A multi-language, cross-platform framework that enables different simulators to easily exchange data and stay synchronized in time. Scalable from two simulators on a laptop to 10,000+ running on high-performance computers, the cloud, or a mix of all of these.

Reviewer: "high-performance computers" -> "HPC" or "supercomputers" maybe?
"a mix of all of these" -> "a mix of these"?

Author: I think changing to Supercomputers would be good

Author: ```suggestion
A multi-language, cross-platform framework that enables different simulators to easily exchange data and stay synchronized in time. Scalable from two simulators on a laptop to 10,000+ running on supercomputers, the cloud, or a mix of these platforms.
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td>Circle-CI</td>
  <td><a href="https://circleci.com/gh/GMLC-TDC/HELICS/tree/master"><img src="https://circleci.com/gh/GMLC-TDC/HELICS/tree/master.svg?style=svg" alt="Build Status" /></a></td>
  <td><a href="https://circleci.com/gh/GMLC-TDC/HELICS/tree/develop"><img src="https://circleci.com/gh/GMLC-TDC/HELICS/tree/develop.svg?style=svg" alt="Build Status" /></a></td>
  <td><a href="https://circleci.com/gh/GMLC-TDC/HELICS/tree/helics3"><img src="https://circleci.com/gh/GMLC-TDC/HELICS/tree/helics3.svg?style=svg" alt="Build Status" /></a></td>
  </tr>
  <td>Docs</td>
  <td><a href="https://docs.helics.org/en/latest/"><img src="https://readthedocs.org/projects/helics/badge/?version=latest" alt="docs" /></a></td>
  <td><a href="https://docs.helics.org/en/develop/"><img src="https://readthedocs.org/projects/helics/badge/?version=latest" alt="docs" /></a></td>
  <td><a href="https://docs.helics.org/en/helics3/"><img src="https://readthedocs.org/projects/helics/badge/?version=latest" alt="docs" /></a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

> 

Reviewer: How much is this used (by us)? I know I get lots of emails on build status, and generally use the links on PRs (or from the green check/red x in the commit history) to access build info/logs. If we use it rarely, maybe its something to just drop from the README (badges are pretty useless in general for anyone viewing the README.md in a text editor/offline).

Author: Maybe we can put it in a collapsible area for now, and rethink it later which ones if any are actually useful.  I have used it in the past for the contained links but less so now that travis is not included.
